Migrate from Capstone to Zydis (x86 architecture) (#4832)
rizinorg/rizin: doc/PACKAGERS.md

etc. in [meson_options.txt][].

Rizin uses the Capstone disassembly engine and supports versions 3, 4, and 5.
For x86/x86_64 architecture, we use the Zydis decoder and disassembler.
By default, we use a custom version of Capstone based on v5 and statically link
it into the Rizin executables.  Some distributions might prefer that a system
version of Capstone be dynamically linked at runtime. To do this, use the
`-Duse_sys_capstone=enabled` command line option when running `meson`.

> Similarly, by default, we statically link Zydis into the Rizin executables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly we statically link Zydis into the Rizin executables.
```

> To dynamically link system version of Zydis at runtime, use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To dynamically link the system's Zydis at runtime, use the
```

* `use_sys_pcre2`
* `use_sys_tree_sitter`
* `use_sys_softfloat`

> * `use_sys_zydis`

Reviewer 2: More than that, see couple paragraphs earlier, mention Zydis there
